Changes to Version 1.0.0
 
 o Added functions for reading Simrad RAW data files.

Changes to Version 0.1.3

 o Several changes to echogram() and palette.echogram() functions:

 Color scheme defaults to parula (from pals package). 
 
 When Svmax is used, Sv[Sv > Svmax] <- Svmax.

 xref renamed to x.ref and now its options are "pings", "nmi", and "seconds". when x.ref = 'seconds', the user can define the format ('tformat') for ping time, according to notation of conversion specifications described in strptime().
 
 It is now possible to select the number of colors (col.nb), as an alternative to defining color separation (col.sep).
 
 Arguments depth.grid and x.grid allow to customize depth, and ping (time or distance) labels.
 
 If detected bottom is present in the data, with seabed = TRUE can be added to the echogram.
 
 depth.max, ping.ini and ping.max allow to visualise parts of the echogram.
 
 Changes to Version 0.1.2

 o Functions using statements: if (class(x) == "foo") were modified to if(inherits(x, "foo")) to correct errors with R-4.x.x.
 
 o In function echogram, label added to color bar: Sv (dB re 1 m^{-1}). Also, options to change the axes annotations and labels now work (cex.axis, cex.lab...)

 o Corrected a bug produced when merging echograms. The time zone of the ping time was changed to local time, because the behavior of c() function is to remove all attributes except names. 

Changes to Version 0.1.1

 o The default option 'channel = 1' has been changed to 'NULL' in read.echogram() and bottom.hac() functions. When 'channel' is missing, the minimum channel is selected, allowing to read HAC files from Furuno echosounders where 'channel = 0'.
 
 Due to inconsistent results observed when sampling pixels in echograms, the functions echogram() and sample.echogram() were reviewed and corrected. The changes are:
 
 o In echogram(), the default value for 'xref' is now the ping number, which solves the issue with sample.echogram() returning incorrect values when selecting pixels from the echogram. Also, the labels in the vertical axis (depths) are now correct. The echogram's main title is now by default the acoustic frequency. Finally, image.scale() code included in echogram() has been updated to imageScale() function from sinkr package by Marc Taylor (see ?echogram).

 o The sample.echogram() function now opens a new graphics device (with dev.new). Sampled pixels are marked immediatly after selection. The code of the internal function reshape.echogram() now takes into account the ping number as reference. 

